rc3, exemplar timestamps MUST be set, not optional (#2496)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/specs/remote_write_spec_2_0.md

Rationales: https://github.com/prometheus/proposals/blob/alexg/remote-write-20-proposal/proposals/2024-04-09_remote-write-20.md#partial-writes#exemplars
-->
* MAY contain labels e.g. referencing trace or request ID. If the exemplar references a trace it SHOULD use the `trace_id` label name, as a best practice.

> * MUST contain a timestamp. Even though exemplar timestamps are optional in Prometheus/Open Metrics exposition formats, the assumption is that a timestamp is assigned at scrape time in the same way a timestamp is assigned to the scrape sample. This allows Reciever's to reliably deduplicate incomming exemplars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MUST contain a timestamp. While exemplar timestamps are optional in Prometheus/Open Metrics exposition formats, the assumption is that a timestamp is assigned at scrape time in the same way a timestamp is assigned to the scrape sample. Receivers require exemplar timestamps to reliably handle (e.g. deduplicate) incoming exemplars.
```
